Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight, and good morning to everyone from all around the world.
I know there are many people just waking up and praying with us.
We have urgency in our hearts to pray tonight.
There's a lot that the Lord has to talk to you about.
First off, we want to give all the glory to Jesus.
Everything that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God on this channel.
I want you always to know that He is first, and we are a vessel that He works through, so we just keep giving all the glory to Jesus regarding everything we say and do on this channel.
It has nothing to do with Brandon or Diana; it has everything to do with the Lord and what He's telling us—what we believe the Lord is telling us of what's coming: the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to have an urgency.
There's more of an urgency today than I've ever felt before.
Tonight, I have a lot to give you, and I'm going to give it to you as quickly as possible so we can jump right into prayer concerning these things.
In the last video we came on here, we told you all that President Trump was in the Valley of Decision, and I saw him making a major decision concerning world events.
I've gotten a lot more concerning this and what the Lord has told us in the last 24 hours.
Diana has a lot of it written down.
Help me, Holy Ghost, because I have a lot here to tell you.
I saw the fork in the road going like this.
As I have been praying even today, I went into deep intercession and I stopped; I couldn't get over the wall.
I said, 'Lord, where am I?
What's going on with this?
' He said, 'You need corporate prayer.
There are certain things that I will give you that can only be overcome through a corporate body.
Bring it to the people tonight on your channel and you will push this through.
You can't do this on your own.
' Because I told Diana, I said, 'We've got to push harder.
' I was holding her hand and I said, 'It just doesn't seem like it's enough.
' Very often, we don't come upon something between the two of us that we can't push through.
Usually, we are able to push that boulder through, but this time I could see over the edge and I could peek over the edge of what was coming.
I told her, 'I can see it.
If I could just sustain myself there in that spot, I can see more of what's coming.
' But the Lord said you can do this through the Body.
So I was going to say something tonight with where we were at, but the Lord said, 'Hold it.
This is where we can deliver this message.
' What I'm going to tell you all is that I saw President Trump in the Valley of Decision and a major escalation of war.
I kept hearing World War III.
This is the difference between the decision that he makes in the next couple of hours.
Now, I know when I'm looking into the spirit, it seems like it's right in front of my face, but sometimes it could be days away.
It's imminent; it could be a week or two weeks.
But I'm going to tell you the urgency of the hour of what I'm seeing because He's given us two weeks.
Remember I told you all: two weeks.
Pray over these next two weeks.
This is the pivotal time, this time frame right now.
As we see Iran shutting down their airspace, China flying two major planes into Iran, and Israel—from what I understand, maybe Israel is not allowing incoming or outgoing flights?
I think so.
Yeah, that's what you're talking about.
I believe so.
Maybe you all can confirm that.
We haven't had time; we've been running really hard today.
So, all these things are coming.
This is what I saw: I saw the Lord kept saying, 'Push the button, Trump.
Push the button, Trump.
You're running out of time.
Push the button.
' I could see him pushing the button concerning the decision, praying over the council that is influencing the decision because he has a council board.
I saw these people talking to him and I saw Israel talking.
I saw intelligence, and I am praying over the secret intelligence and the people that would be in harm's way, because it was very important for the secret intelligence to be protected.
This was very important on both sides.
As this was coming, I saw the Supreme Court, and the Lord showed me—remember I said we can't allow the tariffs not to happen?
Because that's the lifeblood of the plan concerning the economy of America to allow the economy to flourish and go to the next level.
It would help sustain us and keep him from going over the side of the waterfall because the economy was in trouble.
I saw the Supreme Court judges.
We saw the African-American man and the white man.
The Lord told us, 'Pray over those two judges.
' What is it about those two judges?
I saw Kim, and then I saw these faces.
The Lord said, 'Pray over these judges.
This is a major decision concerning the tariffs.
' So I've been praying over these tariffs because a Plan B, if we don't have Plan A, is the tariffs.
Plan B is I saw a scramble of what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we, if this falls and we have to pay back trillions of dollars to these nations, what does America do with their economy?
This is a very hard position.
This is vital.
Some people go, 'Well, Brandon, I don't' Hey, listen.
We're in a mess.
Most of you don't realize how big of a mess we're in.
We're 34 or more, 40 trillion dollars in the hole.
When you've got 40 trillion dollars worth of credit card bills and debt, what do you do?
You have to have a Hail Mary play.
This is serious.
This is do or die.
Do you understand where we're at?
'Well, I don't believe all that.
' Then you're ignorant; you don't know.
We're at the point of paddling upstream against Niagara Falls.
The Lord said, 'We're at the point of no return.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
' As I was praying today, I kept hearing that there will be a wound against America that will not be fatal, that will bring people to their knees to bring the bride by My side.
'I'm bringing the bride by My side.
' There's a shaking to awaken with what's coming.
As I saw Greenland, Venezuela, and the uprising—what Trump had a plan for: minerals, oil.
Again, praying over Iran, the oil wells in Iran, to be striking the oil wells in Iran to the BRICS nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on the ground doing this.
This is much bigger than civilians.
Why did the civilian uprising happen?
Who instigated it?
How did it get so big?
It's much bigger than what I can say online; it's much bigger than what I can relay to you.
You must think bigger.
You must come up higher in your prayer life with the Lord.
You can't pray the news.
If you're praying the news, you're too late.
You must come up higher in your authority as a believer.
So I try to encourage you all the time to read books like this about Sister Billye and the believer's authority.
Read about your authority and learn how to operate in the authority of the believer.
I'm not getting a kickback for telling you to buy this book.
This is just something that we practice every day of our life, and I'm trying to help you.
It's like a $3 read, but it's helped us.
The Lord always said when we drive the car, 'You're not in your seat.
Take your seat.
' And so I say, 'Diana, stop.
We can't do it anymore.
We've got to get this book out, and we've got to read over what Sister Billie taught us.
Get that word down inside of your heart—the Bible—and then adding this to it like supplements.
It's like you take your vitamins; you eat your good food, which is the word of God, and then you add supplements.
You have some vitamins, minerals, and maybe some extra vitamin C in your diet because you can't say the word of God is depleted.
The word of God is not depleted; it's just adding a little extra to it with people that have walked it and have scripture to back up everything they're saying.
It's not like you're going, 'Well, you're off in La La Land.
' You're getting the word of God, plus they have the scriptures backing up what they're saying, so you add to it.
Does that make sense?
Am I off in that?
No, the Bible's the main course, the foundation of everything.
But adding things—you don't add or take away anything from the word of God—I'm just saying we add supplements.
This helps us.
I'm trying to be an illustration for you that are slow, not in disrespect, but there it is.
So, applying your authority and learning how to come up higher.
If you come up higher like an eagle, you'll see what's coming.
If you're praying the news, you're already too late.
The news is old.
We must be like the watchman or the eagle that sees way far in advance.
They know what's coming, when a storm's coming, and where the food is.
That's what we have to do with our spiritual walk with the Lord.
And that's why I'm telling you all by the Spirit of God right now: we're in the valley of decision.
I saw a major decision concerning Iran, and the Lord kept saying, 'Push the button.
Push the button.
' I saw Russia with Putin, with a pentagram circling him.
I saw that demonic spirit influencing his mind to escalate.
And I heard weapons of war—unconventional weapons of war.
I saw the elders weeping: grandmas, grandpas, your great-grandmas that had walked through the valley of war with World War II, Vietnam, and the Korean War.
They remembered it.
Because they had walked, I saw a major draft coming again.
And I heard the elders say it.
The cold is engulfing across the land.
Remember, 'the old will cry from the graves.
' I saw graves across the land in Europe.
I saw an uprising and war.
A great war in the oceans, the resources in the midst.
I saw an attack against our resources from the supply chain coming out of China again as an escalation of things was taking off.
I saw the boats coming from China—these trade wars and medicines and supplies for hospitals—things were in trouble as an escalation of war.
I saw a supply chain of food.
Europe was upset.
I remember I told you I saw Macron coming on the scene, upset about Greenland.
It was an escalation on all fronts.
But Trump was in the valley of decision, and that's why we must pray for him tonight concerning the decisions that he will make in the days ahead.
These are major decisions that will seriously alter and change the course of everything.
We must pray that he makes the precise one by the holy leading of the Holy Spirit, that he's not led by flesh or a carnal mind, but led and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days.
That's why we have President Trump.
He's having a hard time.
He's under pressure and persecution.
Whenever your flesh gets out of control and you start acting that way, people go, 'Well, I thought you said he was going to be born again.
' I'm not judging him.
I can tell you, for the little pressure we've had, it makes you cranky sometimes.
And with the pressure he's having with all the demonic activity going on—are we backing him enough in prayer, church?
This should be bathed in praying in tongues.
Pray without ceasing.
Pray for our nation; we're in the valley of decision.
I told you a 'Red Dawn' experience was in our nation.
We have an enemy within that came over from the Biden administration.
I'm not here to preach fear, but I'm trying to prepare you.
Pray over Taiwan and this escalation of things that I've seen coming.
It's about Greenland.
The dollar's in trouble.
Politicians remain silent.
The Democrats know the dollar's in trouble if they don't pass the tariffs.
Out of desperation and pride, heads will roll in the night.
An acceleration you will see to bring them to their knees.
Monday night, I saw a lot.
I saw Capitol Hill.
I saw JD Vance in black and white.
He had a humongous head with a very skinny neck, and his neck was not able to balance his head.
It looked like his head was just bobbling all around, but he was fighting on Capitol Hill, looking at the White House.
A massive peacock came down on the top of the dome of the Capitol, curled its head down, and looked towards JD Vance.
As the peacock was down, its feathers were down.
It had some kind of light on it that looked like sparkles, but the peacock looked like it was being humbled, cowering down to the presence of the Lord.
Humility was coming on this peacock.
Its head was bowed down low as it started looking at the bobblehead, and the bobblehead was looking at our president.
There was a massive storm all around the White House.
Lightning was going all around him.
He was busy at his desk.
Arched over the resolute desk, he was writing diligently in a book with much focus, unaware of his surroundings.
It appeared he was focused on the task at hand.
I looked through the window of the White House from outside the lawn and saw our president writing at his desk.
It was a type of shadow.
The Lord is trying to warn you through a vision.
I do not believe there is a peacock on there, of course, and JD Vance had a head like that, but it is something the Lord is trying to warn us about.
I saw a massive storm behind Congress.
There was a massive storm around JD Vance, and he was the only thing in black and white, appearing as if he were in an old-timey movie.
His face was like that of a cartoon character because his head was so big.
He looked like one of those modern animated characters with a big head.
It was an animated head.
We then went to Mexico, and the Lord showed us Claudia being removed.
Do you remember that?
I saw a new businessman coming into her position who looked like Antonio Banderas.
He looked like a Hollywood movie star—handsome, well-kept, dressed in a suit, and fit.
He appeared very proper in his mannerisms.
The Lord said he is a businessman, and we should pray for him.
I saw a new businessman type of leadership coming into this role who was well-spoken, like a Donald Trump.
He was poised, not scattered, and not led by the cartel; he was separate.
I saw a great revival coming to Mexico in the days ahead.
The Lord said, "What you are seeing must be bathed in prayer for the Spanish and Mexican communities.
This does not just happen; it must be bathed in prayer because there is a plan.
" I saw her being removed and a new man coming in who looked like Antonio Banderas.
He was a very poised man.
At the bottom of the Capitol Hill steps, back to the old vision, I saw Rubio with massive eyes looking at JD Vance.
His eyes were popping out of his body, and he was focusing in shock at how big JD Vance's head was.
Rubio was at the bottom of the steps, and JD Vance was at the top.
He was sweating profusely and darting back and forth.
He was distressed, looking towards JD Vance.
I saw President Trump's wife in Florida with Barron.
She was waiting for him to come home.
She had on a low-cut, sequined ball gown with a beautiful train.
Barron was in a tuxedo, walking away from his mother, but she was eagerly anticipating President Trump's return.
She was waiting at their house in Florida.
I could see her at the doorway.
I wondered why the first lady was in Florida standing in a ball gown, and they were all waiting for some kind of celebration.
That was when He said that he will finish his race, not a disgrace.
It is so important about the race—the Senate and the House.
These major decisions are about to be made, including the speech he is to give at the State of the Union.
We must pray for this speech, which is on February 24th.
This is the make-or-break time going into the midterms.
I saw him losing the Senate and winning the House by a narrow margin, which will help him not be impeached.
He will finish his term.
Praying for his protection and for the major pivotal moments that will affect the rest of his presidency.
There is a great shaking coming to Iran.
These are major pivotal moments.
Pray for protection and liberation over these places.
Revival is coming.
This is where anti-Semitism will rise, but it is by design.
He is bringing His people back to the land, fulfilling prophecy.
My Son's return is imminent.
When they strike Iran, I saw great anti-Semitism hitting this earth.
There was so much pressure on the Jews in New York and around the world in Europe that they uprooted and went back home to Israel.
The Lord said, "The Golan Heights is Mine.
Gaza is Mine, and it belongs to Israel; in the days ahead, it will belong to My people.
I am taking back My land.
" I saw them building on it.
There will be people all upset.
That is what the Lord said, not Brandon.
There is great pressure on the decisions that he makes.
He knows the hour at hand and that he is running out of time.
This takes much prayer that he will have three years instead of one full year.
He will push through so much this year.
Finances, stuff like that.
A year of urgency, and then that is when you saw a great shaking in the Philippines.
A major church shaking will happen in a day.
Australia, a great revival coming, a freshness out of the fire, out of the coals, out of the embers that once were.
A cultivation, a blowing with new kindling over New Zealand, a shaking, a revival.
Africa, all these places, a glorious move as the world as a whole.
Valley of the decision like the beginning of the race, land run, anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
Yep.
That is what he said.
And so he was bringing, he said a great shaking in Pakistan in the days ahead.
He talked about a great shaking in Pakistan, which I do not understand why Pakistan, what he had to do with it, but that is what he said.
I just said what he said.
And then if we back up, this is the part where it was the two-in-one storm.
The two-in-one storm.
Okay.
Did you already talk about that?
No, you can read it.
I do not know.
What do you feel about it?
You are saying, I do not know if you already said that.
That is why I was saying I think you already said all this.
Yeah, you already said all that.
It goes up like a spaceship.
Yeah.
You said all this.
I am just making sure.
So, how many minutes?
Yeah, I kept under 30.
Yeah, I saw I was after I thought I put it.
28.
I am almost at 30.
I am trying to not take all your time.
Yeah, I think you got it.
Braden, do you think?
Yeah.
And then you saw and you saw the economy of Mexico.
You said that.
Yeah, because the new Mexican president, and then I saw a shaking in Cuba.
I have seen a shaking in all these areas.
I told you about the drug trafficking and all the things that are major.
And the Lord talked about the five families.
He keeps bringing up those five families, the mafia that there will be an uprising because I saw them.
It was business, but they wanted to keep the main thing the main thing because of Maduro.
No, Maduro.
Yeah, Maduro.
No, Mandani, Zoran, Mandani over New York, that they would rise up because they did not want to be changed the way he was wanting to go, and I saw that they would actually look like heroes.
I do not know how they would ever look like heroes, but I saw them looking like a hero.
The five families, strong mafia ties coming against a change in New York so bad that because of this demonic thinking, this carnal, evil thinking that is going to start to come out of this.
I saw again New York on fire.
I saw great protesting coming.
I saw buildings burning.
I saw the 41st floor burning of a building.
I saw the subways burning.
People were rioting and acting stupid.
This is a godlessness.
This is an act of terrorism.
Some of it is paid, some of it is not.
Some of it is just people just fed up and irritated because they are not in the word.
They do not know Jesus.
I think I have hit everything pretty good.
We must pray for Oh, I saw BB again.
Should I say that?
I do not know.
What does the Lord think?
I am going to say it.
I have nothing to be afraid of.
Say it, lover.
What did I say exactly?
I do not want to quote the Lord wrong.
Okay.
So, we pray over BB's protection.
We must pray over BB's protection because I saw an attack against his life again.
And this was a successful attempt.
It was not like Trump's ear.
It was not like anything.
It was an actual attempt that was successful.
This is the second time now I have seen this.
Very, very strategic, very, very detailed about this man concerning his safety, concerning his platform, and every single time I prayed over it, it was like hitting a wall.
It is almost like you are going through mud.
And I try to describe that and you do not know how to describe it to people who are not probably seasoned prayers, but it is like you are trying to get traction.
So all right.
So let's pray.
Ready?
Let me go.
You have everything ready.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body that was broken.
We kept it underneath 30.
We did good.
Yes.
Welcome all 10,000 of you.
Thank you for taking this time seriously.
We have a lot to pray about tonight.
I gave the update in 30 minutes.
Did you have any news articles?
Not really.
Did you not say you are praying over this over here if you want to talk about that?
Okay.
Yeah, I would like to talk about that.
Kosovo.
I have been praying over Kosovo today.
Oh, and the Lord gave me a name.
And this is a very important I, as I was in travail concerning this name, and it was concerning terrorist groups, and I did not know the name that I was calling out, but this is the name I said.
Do you have the name?
Yeah.
Boko Haram.
Boko Haram is the name that the Lord gave me.
And we were praying for this, and I said, what is this word?
And I told Diana, write this word down.
And whenever he gave me that word, that was the name that he gave me today as I was travailing over what is about to take place in this world.
So, and when we tried to Google it, it was bad.
And I said, what in the world is because I get these weird names that I am telling y'all, I am just a country boy.
I do not know what this stuff is.
And I told Diana, I said, this is a name I keep hearing.
And the Lord said, write it down.
So she did, and we found out it is a terrorist group.
And then you are saying about Ukraine, whatever.
Yeah.
You said that about Putin.
I saw Putin taking Ukraine.
Ukraine rising up and using those weapons.
But then the Lord said, praying over Kosovo.
And I do not know why Kosovo.
What?
I do not get it.
But I still do what he says.
And I prayed over Kosovo for a long time today.
So, Kosovo, praying over Ukraine.
I saw a major war across Europe.
There was World War III.
And it was very, very bad.
We have not seen this before.
Weapons that have never been used before.
So, we pray over the valley of decision.
Ready?
All right, you can pray.
I want to interrupt for a second.
I am just making sure I got everything right.
I am asking the Holy Spirit, checking myself to say everything you wanted me to say.
I warned the people of the urgency, the Father, of where we are at the signs of the times.
I inquire of you.
Oh Jesus, we fall at your feet.
We take everything you have given us so seriously.
Was not the Brandon show and Diana Whiz all about Jesus?
And I want so badly, Father, to make you pleased.
We humble ourselves underneath the mighty hand of God that we warn your people of the urgency of the hour, warning about the church and the shaking that you have shown me that America will be shaken.
You said a miracle.
You said that.
You said a major shaking is coming.
How much do you focus on either one side?
It is like a quarter.
The glory and the outpouring of finances for the body of Christ with the cryptos and things like that versus the destruction and the war.
It was so close to each other.
It is that how thin it is.
It is like a rice paper thin from both sides.
You can either focus on the darkness or you can focus on the light.
I choose to focus on the light.
I choose to look at Jesus because I am telling you there is no fear in love.
Perfect love.
Even what Pastor Chip was saying, he said even tonight, he said what Peter and them were all going through when he said about 2 Timothy, God has not given me a spirit because fear is a spirit.
Fear is a spirit.
God has not given me the spirit of fear, but of power, love, and of a well-balanced mind.
You either cast down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God and say perfect love casts out fear.
I am not going to walk in fear.
I am going to walk in love.
We are going to walk in the authority of the believer.
But I'm warning you of what the Holy Spirit is telling us we can pray over.
Did he tell me to tell you to say, 'Well, you know what?
All the sky is falling, Chicken Little.
' No.
He said, 'Tell my seasoned prayer people.
' There are 10,000 of you right now that are watching that are seasoned prayer warriors.
Seasoned.
You know how to pray.
And that's why you're here, at almost night, from around the world.
You know the signs of the times of the coming Lord Jesus Christ.
You have an urgency in your heart of where we are.
That's why you're here right now, because a lot of you are not getting it at the church you're attending.
And I want to tell you that God has a plan for your life.
It's a plan to prosper you, to bless you, to give you an expected end.
He wants you to walk in the glory in these last days.
I'm not a doomsday preacher.
I'm not a doomsday person.
But I'm telling you, we are into some very serious times.
Times like you've never seen before.
But what is it time for the church to rise and shine?
For the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on you and me.
When they see the darkness and the gross darkness coming on the world, they see the light on you and me and my wife, and they say, 'Hey, there's something different about them.
' What will they see when the shit starts hitting the fan?
They're going to be running to the Lord.
What are you going to do when they come?
What kind of church are they coming to when they get there?
Are they going to have a religious, dead, lukewarm gospel?
Or are they going to have the meat of the word that teaches you how to have a backbone like a crowbar, that teaches you how to stand and know your authority and say, 'Hey, you don't have to deal with the devil in your life.
' Yes, we're in the end times.
Yes, we're seeing all these signs of the times come to pass because Jesus told us in Matthew 24 that they would.
It's all happening.
But what are we to do as the salt and the lifeblood to this earth right now?
We're the prayers.
We're supposed to pray and we're supposed to bring in the glory.
That's our job because they're coming.
What are they going to get when they get there?
Are they going to get religion?
Are they going to get watered down poopy porridge?
Are they going to get something that's going to feed them so that they go, 'This is the best tasting steak I've ever had.
My God, this is life-changing.
' Thank you for telling me how to live by faith and how to lay hands on the sick and see them recover, how to cast out devils, how to walk on water if need be, how to translate.
The Lord told us he's opening up the spirit highway above us and he's going to start taking many of you that are watching right now and you'll be praying in the middle of the night and he'll take you and put you in a North Korean home and you'll go, 'Look, what is going on?
Where am I at?
' And you'll speak perfect Korean, and you'll understand what they're saying and you'll witness to them and tell them about Jesus.
Lay hands on them, let the power of God deliver them from whatever they need help with, and then you'll be back in your room.
He said, 'If they won't allow me in, I will allow you in.
' That means if they won't allow their borders to open, I'll create a no-border zone for you to go into their area.
I'm going to take you out of your house and I'm going to place you into places by the hand of my hand and you'll just be there.
It's time to believe God for the big.
A lot of us are believing God for too small for what's about to take place.
You must enlarge your vision, enlarge your capacity to reach the lost.
It's time to enlarge your capacity to reach the lost.
Jesus Christ is coming.
I don't care what sister so-and-so is telling you, that it's way down the road in the sweet by-and-by.
I'm telling you there is an urgency of the Lord, the return of the Lord, and he's standing at the door and he's waiting to see, 'Who shall I send into the earth?
Who will go for me?
Who will speak for me?
Who will decree and declare that I'm coming?
' Are you awake?
There's many people that are not awake right now.
He told me that's why the shaking is coming, because you listen to sister so-and-so down the road telling you that you've got all this time.
But the Lord said there's no urgency.
I'm coming.
He told me, even yesterday or is it today?
He said, 'Many of them in Sodom and Gomorrah, and your Abraham on the hill, warning them today.
' That was today.
You're warning them because they don't even see; even the closest circles around don't really have an urgency yet.
They're talking the talk, but they're not walking the walk.
They are parroting what they've heard for years, but there's no true expectation of it.
If they were, they would act different.
He said there needs to be an urgency in my church.
They're so familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah that they don't see what's coming.
Their eyes are not in line.
He said the eyes of their understanding are not enlightened.
Ephesians 1, the eyes of their understanding, they don't have an enlightenment of what's coming.
They parrot a lot, but there's no revelation.
It's not Rhema.
If it was Rhema, you would be doing everything you could.
If Jesus was coming today, how would you really act?
If he was coming in September, which I believe is in the next Shmita cycle, now that's what I'm praying over.
I'm not trying to say Brandon says Jesus Christ is coming by 2028.
I'm telling you, we have a great opportunity.
That's what I believe.
But I believe it's all depending on what the church does in the next three years.
What will you do with the window I've given you?
He said, 'Bring in the lost.
How desperate?
How hungry?
How thirsty?
How bad do you want it?
' And that's what he keeps talking to me about every day.
You must warn them, stir them, tell them I'm coming.
I said, 'Lord, they know.
' Well, he said it so much, it sounds like we're a broken record.
He said, 'But there's no change in the heading.
If you were changing the heading in the plane, you would see a deviation from where you were going, but there's no urgency yet.
' They don't get it.
Keep telling them, and I'll back it with signs following.
There will be earthquakes.
There will be volcanoes.
There will be wars and rumors of wars.
There will be plagues and pestilence.
There will be things coming that will shake them.
I'm going to give them a sign out of the soil.
An artifact out of the soil that was an ancient artifact that will be a sign of I am El Shaddai.
I am that I am.
And it will shake even the Muslims in the days ahead.
I will shake the Muslims.
I wish that none should perish, that all come to repentance.
He told me even the Muslims.
Even the devil worshippers, even the Buddhists, he wants all of us to come to repentance.
Not one of us to perish.
But there's no urgency even in the churches that say they're urgent.
There's a lot behind just a couple of minutes of a sermon, but there's not enough urgency.
He said to me even today, he said, 'Brandon, I'm coming.
' So he said, 'Tell them.
Tell them.
' And I tell all of you, Jesus Christ is coming.
You must repent and turn from your wicked ways.
You're running out of time.
Signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ are all around you.
Look at Iran.
Watch what happens in the days ahead.
It could even happen tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if we strike them again tonight, but it will be their oil.
I saw oil wells burning.
I saw the Ayatollah Khomeini fleeing.
I saw him leaving.
I saw major dignitaries of Iran fleeing to Iraq, and they were dressed in different clothes so they couldn't be caught.
I saw them scattering like cockroaches in a house when a light comes on.
They were going to Europe, they were going to Russia, they were going to Iraq, they were going to wherever they could to try to hide because they didn't want to lose their lives, as they were wanted dead or alive.
And that was true.
When they said they're threatening Trump today, it's not Trump that they're after.
He's a decoy.
They want his son.
I've warned you over and over again.
It's over Dawn.
Most people think that they're after Trump.
They said, If we can't get him, I hear him in meetings, if we can't get him because he's well protected, we'll get what matters to him the most.
If we can't get him, we'll get what matters to him the most.
That's why we pray for his son.
We pray for his grandkids.
We pray for what matters to him the most.
I even saw him on the golf course and they were trying to use a drone.
It would come off of a boat in the Atlantic Ocean and they tried to use some kind of secret stealth drone and they were trying to do it over his golf course to try to come up with a plan of how they can, it was way high up.
I saw this drone way high up.
It was so high you couldn't see it with your eye because it blended in and they tried to do something with that.
There were so many things that I've seen that I keep praying over and interceding for him to finish his course, for him to finish what God has called him to do.
Because God has his hand on that man and we can't allow him to be weary and wallowing with all the demonic pressure that he's facing every day and pride to set in and get angry and bitter.
You are only successful like David's mighty men of war because the hand of the Lord was on you, sir.
You're only successful, not by how you think you're good, but because God has his hand on you.
Liberating Venezuela was not you and how great our military was.
And we didn't lose anybody.
It's because God's hand of protection and prayer is coming forth to protect our people.
It's by the hand of the Lord to liberate a people that are bound by a dictator, drug trafficking, and sex trafficking.
The Lord says, I want revival.
That's all he cares about.
He wants revival in Venezuela.
He wants revival in these areas.
And so God will use whoever he wants to use.
And he said just like this, I will use just like David, he'll be a man of war.
Look at what he's doing.
It'll be peace and he'll bring peace and he'll bring this.
But right now it's about America making it strong right now.
And that's why I saw people go, Did you say you saw British Columbia joining up with America, not Ontario?
I've seen all of it.
The whole country in the future joins up with America, dollar-wise, not borders.
Canada's economy is in trouble.
Mexico's economy, when they get this Rico Suave guy, you know, this new guy, they will join up with America.
When Claudia is out of the way, I saw this business dude saying, Hey, let's be partners in finances.
I even had the shots.
Braden made him.
So, I've talked way too long, but I'm trying to tell you it's time to get urgent about Jesus Christ coming.
There's 11,000 of you now.
Father, we just thank you.
I thank you, Lord, for all the people that are here tonight, all of you to pray.
And we thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken.
And we thank you, Lord, right now.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over the valley of decision, the urgency of the hour.
And we thank you, Lord, right now for the body.
We take this, Lord, and we're so grateful that you died for us and you rose again on the third day.
That we don't have to have sickness in our body.
We don't have to have disease in our body.
That you said in your word, by my stripes, you're healed.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Either that's real to you or it's not.
You got to be a believing believer in these last days.
I've seen great evil things coming, but I've seen great glory coming.
And it's on the church that will rise up and say, I believe that Jesus Christ is a healer.
I believe that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
What Jesus did 2,000 years ago, he's still doing today.
As he is, so are we in this world.
He is living in me.
He is dwelling in me and I receive it by faith.
I believe that when I lay hands on the sick, they'll recover.
I believe that we can cast out devils.
You think, well, why don't we talk about that anymore?
Because the seeker-friendly churches don't want to talk about devil-possessed people anymore, because it's not politically correct and it's not really friendly.
You know what?
There's people that are walking around bogged down with demonic spirits and we have authority over them and we can cast them out in the name of Jesus and you don't have to be bound by that anymore.
We have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Either you believe it or you don't.
So that's why I take this because I'm a believing believer.
This represents something to me.
This isn't a religious act.
This is relationship.
Either you believe Jesus Christ lives on the inside of you or you don't.
This is his blood and it was shed for me.
I believe it's a representation of it.
He bore everything for me and I'm wall-to-wall the Holy Ghost.
So, Father, we lift up the body.
We thank you, Lord, that that body you took it for us and we take it often in remembrance of you and it's holy and it's undefiled.
It's beautiful.
You're everything for me, Jesus.
You took it for me.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Deuteronomy is all the curses.
Go read them.
I'm redeemed from it.
I don't have to have that.
And so we take this body in Jesus name.
Thank you, Lord.
Jesus, we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of you.
And I apply the blood over anything that you want to show to me tonight.
If not, we'll just pray.
We're not here to perform.
We're here to seek your face.
And we plead the blood over my eyes, over my spiritual eyes.
And if there's anything you want to show me, we're so grateful.
We're so thankful that you chose us for such a time as this.
And I apply the blood.
I apply the blood uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood.
The blood makes much of us today.
We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
Forgive us of our sins, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're washed in your blood in Jesus name.
Amen.
I never try to look over and see it without taking communion first.
We have boxes of it everywhere.
And I always sit there and make sure that everything's taken care of because I enter in by the blood of the lamb.
We go to the throne room and we're his kids.
I'm adopted into his family.
I'm so grateful that he calls me his that I sit at his feet.
And when you sit at his feet, he'll tell you the secret things.
I don't, I'm not rude, but I come boldly because I'm his kid.
And I say, Hey, how you doing?
You know, it's not religious, it's relationship.
How would you act if you were going home to your home or your kids would come in your house?
You say, Come on in.
Come and get something out of the fridge.
I'm coming in.
I want a glass of water.
Let's sit and talk.
I miss you.
Honey, I'm home.
I'm here.
How would you act around your wife?
How would your wife act around you?
I'm here.
Oh Father, we love you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We thank you, Father, for the urgency of the hour.
Now, I'm just going to pray in the spirit and you can pray along with me.
If you don't know what that is, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
That will explain everything to you.
I'm not talking in a weird language.
I'm talking in my Holy Ghost language and you can too.
Get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
It will change your life and educate you on what we're doing right now because I know a lot of you have no idea since your church isn't teaching it.
Okay, so we're going to lift up President Trump right now and we're going to pray for him in a perfect language concerning me and the Holy Ghost.
To the Father.
I see a motor disown.
I see a hammer and a chisel hitting at a stone making modern-day disciples.
I see France and concerns regarding Islam and martyrdom.
That is it, martyrdom.
I'm back at the Vatican.
It's all the way to Ireland.
Now we're headed over to Iran.
It's about the airspace.
I see Apache helicopters and I see the troops coming down from them.
This is much more strategic.
We pray over those troops.
They're coming out of these stealth helicopters and they're coming inward.
Pray for the people that are helping them inward.
These people are the helpers.
That's what the Lord told me to call them, helpers.
We pray for the helpers online.
We pray for these strategic allies in these transports.
All through Jordan, we pray over every heart.
No betrayals.
Over every heart, there is no betrayal.
I hear the word betrayal in the land.
We call for a pinpoint laser.
We pray for a covering over them.
You will be their shield and their buckler.
We pray Psalms 91 over every one of those troops right now.
I pray that they will come home.
I pray over them and thank you, Lord, that I put a hedge around about them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
They will travel through the night and they will not be detected by these drones.
I see these drones.
It's a drone with a scope, a sphere at the top.
I see this drone flying over with a camera.
It's stealthy.
I hear this word stealthy and this is Russia-made technology.
These are sophisticated drones.
I pray over these troops.
I count each one.
The Lord said, pray for them.
Pray for our soldiers.
Oh Father, we pray for them.
There is so much that I'm seeing, but I don't feel that it's smart to talk about it.
For the safety of these men, I'm not going to tell you everything that I'm seeing.
You must pray for these men on both sides.
It is very important.
The Lord said bring them home safely.
They're going to liberate the people because they have a demonic hold upon the land.
Now, we're going to take the direction the Lord said, pray for President Trump to have wisdom over him.
We pray over his mind that he has the mind of Christ.
Thank you, Lord.
There is no demonic interference.
There is some kind of demonic-looking spirit trying to pluck at him.
It looks similar to a raven sitting on a perch hiding in the shadow.
It sticks its head out and plucks at his head.
It's a portal.
It only comes out of this portal to pluck at his head so people can't see it.
They're talking about the watchers, us.
There are people assigned to President Trump to intercede for him and this is something they can't see.
It's on a perch and it goes like this, it plucks and hides.
It's an invisible black thing.
I'm able to see this because it's illuminated with light and it's casting a greyness.
The invisible becomes visible when you're in the spirit.
It's attacking his mind.
It's like a bad brain fog trying to pluck your mind so you don't have clear thoughts to get the job done.
This is interesting because I see it's the same thing trying to attack Alex Jones.
God wanted to use Alex Jones and even Glenn Beck.
These are attacks on the minds of truth-tellers to come against the truth-tellers.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are protecting the truth-tellers.
They have things they may not say that are totally great, but the Lord wants to use them in the days ahead.
Father, that they would not mix; it is a mixture.
I see a mixture.
You know when you take oil and water, there is a mixture.
The Lord wants to separate the mixture.
I see a mixture, and as they are pouring it in, the water is turning.
Many will die without the truth tellers.
Without the truth tellers and watchmen sounding the alarm, many will die.
He is annoyed with Tucker for some reason.
Now, I am just telling you what I am seeing, and I do not know why, but something was said, something happened.
He is not happy with this.
It is a stance, a way of thinking, a hardness of heart.
This is not good, and it concerns Tucker.
He said, 'The root is pride, Brandon.
' That is what he just said.
The root is pride.
With every one of these men, humble yourself before me.
He said, 'I will humble them before me.
I will humble them, and they will fear the great God Jehovah.
' They would fear the great God Jehovah, a greater reverence and a fear of the great God Jehovah.
For I am drawing them near.
I will use who I want to use.
I will speak through who I want to speak through.
Who are you to say that I cannot use or speak through who I want to speak through?
It is the same with Mel Gibson.
The Lord is going to use him greatly in the days ahead.
We are praying for that movie and these things to be accomplished because the enemy would try to derail it.
It is very interesting how he looks at our hearts.
He is not looking at the outward man.
He said, 'I will use whoever I want to use.
' It is like some of these decisions have already been made.
They are already in motion.
Angels aid in assistance.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our people and our nation, that we will not become a goat nation.
We will remain a sheep nation, one nation under God.
We are coming back to our roots and displaying better fruits.
We pray for the roots, Father, for they will not change.
We will remain a nation under God.
We pray for the roots to remain pure, and even though we deviated off the course a little bit, we pull it back to have better fruit so the cankerworm does not eat our fruit.
Our forefathers stood for something right, and we go back to the original blood and the original fruit.
A nation that is one nation under God, a nation that has freedom of speech and freedom of religion, freedom to say, 'Jesus, we love you.
' Father, that America would have a great revival again.
That Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Taiwan, Africa, Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the Philippines would have a major revival.
I know there are so many people here tonight calling out for their nations that Jesus would bring a major revival across this world in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
We call in revival again, a great harvest of souls.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store for Australia.
Father, we call forth the rain, the rain of the glory and the presence on our nations in Jesus' name.
I am trying to find the vein of it and I can feel it.
It is like that place of decision I am circling back around, and it is Trump and the decision he is about to make, or has already made.
This is like the scale of how big a thing this is about to be.
It is the difference, like World War II.
The Lord said, 'Just camp right there at the point of the decision.
' God bless America, land that I love, stand beside her and guide her.
We humble ourselves before you.
For you said, 'If my people,' you did not say the world, 'if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray.
' We humble ourselves before you, Father, for our nation tonight.
We repent as a nation, Father, and we turn from our wicked ways.
Oh God, have mercy.
We stand in the gap for our nation and for our president.
You said to stand in the gap and fight so that our nation will be one nation again.
All this division and strife is going on, but our nation will be one nation unto God.
God bless America.
Help us, Father.
There are strategic things that Jesus set in motion that he must fulfill.
He is talking about Trump.
There are key doors.
I see these key doors.
Write this down.
There is a major door here that he must open, and he is the only one who can open it.
The assignment I have for him is to open this door, and it is right before him.
I have assigned him specifically to open this door.
It has a big black wrought iron fence in front of it, and the door is glowing, but it has a big black wrought iron fence with thorns all over it trying to keep him out.
There are thorns and they are intertwined in that black metal fence, and there are no leaves on these thorns.
They look like briars, things that would keep you out because you do not want to walk through them.
But we are going to trim those briars out of that.
We are taking those briars off by the spirit in the name of Jesus.
We are taking the spiritual briars off and we are opening the door.
We are going to get that gate out of the way and open that door today, and Trump is going to walk through that door.
What God has called him to walk through, the assignment I have for him, he will walk through.
He is just a man that I have chosen to do it just like I have in the past.
Now back him in prayer.
Push him through the door.
Push him by the ways of the spirit.
By the way of the spirit.
Push him through that door.
The door has beautiful carvings all over it.
The door is glowing with light, but it looks like a Victorian style.
It is beautiful.
And it is not a square door.
It is a round door.
It is like Billy Burke said, little hinges open big doors.
I see it is the little hinges that open the bigger doors.
What does that mean about the spirit, Lord?
Because I hear it.
That is what I can see here.
Now when I saw it, I saw Minnesota and I saw the corruption.
This is part of the door and exposing concerning the vote in the blue states.
Exposing.
This is what will cause the pivotal moment.
Okay, I see it.
I see the plan.
Listen to me.
I am looking at it.
You want to know the plan to make the red wave happen for the November election.
An exposing in the blue states of the corruption that lies underneath the surface of the land.
This is what as you uncover this in prayer will bring it out of the media.
They will try to bury it, for this is the political theater that is upon your land.
An exposing of the darkness that is upon your land will help you to win the red wave that you are looking for.
For when this is taken off, the sheet is being uncovered on your land.
For there is great corruption in the states: Pennsylvania, major corruption; California, major corruption; Michigan, major corruption; Boston, Massachusetts area, major corruption; Las Vegas, major corruption.
These key states, praying over these key places for an uprising of exposing darkness will help you win the race.
There must be all the way into the summer an exposing in your political and in the judges.
There is exposing of darkness in judges concerning ballots, voter fraud.
Pennsylvania voter fraud is still a major deal.
Voter fraud in Pennsylvania.
This is in Atlanta.
It is the voter fraud, but it is more; it is uncovering the fraud of the money.
I am looking at the fraud of the money.
They try to acid wash it, to get rid of it.
They are trying because they know the exposing and the corruption to try to pad the books.
They want to mess with the books.
It is too much to bury.
The Lord says it is right in front of them if they will just look.
The Lord said it is right in front of the Trump administration if they will just look.
It is too big to bury.
It is very surface.
He says, if you just have an investigator look at it, it is just so surface.
The Lord says it was so big they were not expecting it.
It is about as much corruption as what it is with the Clintons and with the Pelosi.
It is so surface.
The Lord says so easy to see.
It is a cleaning of the house.
There is much corruption on the Republican and on the Democratic side.
He said, this is not just a Democratic issue; this is a Republican issue, too.
There is corruption on both sides.
Stench is stench.
Corruption is corruption.
Pray for new men and women to run for the offices in these areas.
There is much stench on both sides of the aisle.
The Lord: I see red and blue mingled together with this corruption.
It looks like you take Play-Doh and you stretch it out and do a little circle thing and you mix up the colors together.
It looks like that, but it is intertwined.
The corruption is intertwined.
You cannot look at one without looking at the other.
Both of the Play-Doh is mixed together.
One is blue, one is red, but it is twisted together.
There is much corruption on all levels of government.
And just because they are Republicans running it right now, they do not want to shed light on theirs.
But the Lord said there is corruption on both aisles, and there needs to be a cleaning of the house.
Drain the swamp.
You said, well you focus on the Democrat.
Well, there is Republican bad, too.
That is what he said.
There are many people that need to be replaced.
He said, for a great revival to begin within.
Thank you, Lord.
We are not just focused on America.
There is a lot that needs to take place in Australia, too.
There is a great shaking in Europe.
There is a shaking in Macron France, and we pray for there.
That is a real thing in itself with the royals, a shaking.
The Lord said focus on one thing at a time.
Do not let pressure of that which you see affect you.
Because I see it over there and I see down there, and he said focus on one thing at a time because the Mexican government has so much corruption, there is a lot in France; there is corruption everywhere, y'all.
I am looking across the globe and it is like, my goodness, everybody has drama.
For what I see, we pray for the council of many voices to become ones that he can trust.
Exposing the rats within that have a political biased opinion.
Do not be led by emotion.
Be led by my spirit.
Father, we thank you Lord for godly counsel.
Take no counsel from the ungodly.
It is about him.
There is very ungodly counsel.
It is interesting.
He is not allowing me to say much about what I am seeing tonight.
Usually, I am able to talk, but I am seeing so much about the war, what the strategic plans are, but he does not want me to broadcast over the internet.
He said, be still.
Every single time I look at it, he goes, be still.
He wants these people to pray.
He said, pray.
Do not be talking about it.
Be still.
This plan that is in motion cannot be broadcast over the internet.
He said it puts people's lives in danger.
He must be still.
Just pray.
So that is why I am not saying much because he said have them pray.
Just pray that you give him little key cues and then pray, is what he is saying, because this puts people in danger.
I have not said a whole lot, have I?
I have tried really hard to walk on this line.
There is so much to do.
This is a major deal, ladies and gentlemen.
He is playing chess and he is looking at this chess piece here.
What will they do with this chess piece?
He is playing 3D.
It is like playing chess.
Okay, so if I do this, then what will happen after this behind that desk?
It is a chessboard.
He writes the vision down and he says he is strategizing where he is writing down.
So he is looking, okay, so what would happen with this?
But what will happen with this?
So he needs godly counsel because that bird is sitting on a purse trying to peck his mind to cause confusion when he is writing it down.
And that is what we take authority over, that stupid demonic spirit, whatever this demonic spirit is, of confusion and torment, that he would be led by the spirit of God.
And that demonic spirit is not able to infiltrate by pecking at his mind, that he will not make ungodly decisions by torment of fear or worry, but be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost concerning this, because that is where God's plan is.
This is so strategic because everything will be a lynchpin.
And that is what I am seeing.
That is what it is, not just weighing out one decision.
This decision will affect all these other decisions.
But if you be led on the path, it's like Indiana Jones.
Whenever he was walking on that thing, he spelled out the letters in the temple to get the cup of the Holy Grail.
If he walked on the path, each step along the way would get him across.
If he walked across the wrong one, he'd fall in the hole.
That's how spelling out the name of Jehovah worked; he stepped on the right path.
That's how strategic this has to be.
Don't just look at the step in front of you; you have to think about this step, that step, and what's going to get me to the other side.
That's what the Lord was saying.
This is such a strategic thing.
Even whenever it's coming to the election in November, from winning to losing, that's how much pressure is on this man.
So he has to have—we just lift him up before you, Father.
We lift him up before you, Father, that this is not his burden to carry.
He's working for you.
We thank you that his heart remains pure before you.
We thank you, Lord, that there are angels watching over him right now, that he is covered by the blood of Jesus, that he is taking counsel from godly people, and he puts people of prayer around him, and he flows with the peace that passes all understanding.
Tonight, I thank you, Lord, that you're guiding our president.
Father, I thank you; you said push the button concerning Iran.
It's about Iran for causing a major revival over the land to remove the Ayatollah communion, to move the dictator, to get rid of this.
I saw that this man's evil.
The same with Cuba.
The same with Mexico.
The same with all; the only one that I've never had a go on is Greenland.
I can't see past it because I don't see corruption in Greenland like I do Mexico, Cuba, and Iran.
I don't know why.
Maybe there is, but I definitely see it over Claudia.
I definitely see it over Cuba, praying over them to have these dictators removed in Iran for freedom in these lands and Pakistan.
There's shakings, and that's why I think it's interesting, because I get to Greenland and I feel a caution.
I feel a caution when I come to Greenland about taking Greenland, about this Greenland agenda.
I have caution.
Now the others, it's like a push.
But when I get to Greenland in my spirit—and this is just Brandon Biggs talking to y'all—when I get to Greenland in my spirit, I feel caution like, 'Don't do that.
Be cautious.
' Let it be a vote.
Let it be strategic.
Don't be strong-arm in this.
Be cautious about this concerning the EU.
Be cautious about this, sir.
Don't strong-arm this.
No matter how much it looks right for the picking, be cautious.
Now, Iran, I feel go.
I kept hearing the Lord say, 'Push the button.
' When it comes to Claudia in this, there's corruption.
There's something very dark there.
I see a man rising up in Claudia's position that would be a good businessman for the people of Mexico that's not wavered by cartel money.
I saw Cuba bringing liberation to the Cubans.
I feel go in my spirit to pray for that.
But when I get to Greenland, I feel caution.
Don't do that.
Something's not right there.
I don't know why, but I get to that wall in the spirit and I go, 'Uh-uh.
Don't do that.
I feel caution.
' I don't know if y'all feel that same thing when you're praying, but that's just what I'm feeling.
Pray over this.
Be diplomatic.
It's not, don't be strong-armed.
Don't be the bully in the schoolyard.
Walk light here.
Pray for the hearts.
Walk light with Europe.
You need strategic allies up here.
You're going to make some people very mad.
You need these folks up here; they're your friends for what's coming.
You don't want to burn bridges.
There's going to be some bad things here.
This is not going to get an outcome like you want.
Walk light here.
But down here, there's drug cartels.
You got to take care of this.
This is a cancer.
You got to cut that out.
And I feel green light, green light, green light, red light, red light.
Don't touch that.
In the spirit, when I'm praying over this, I see red light, green light, green light, green light, red light, and it's going to tick Russia off, but they're too weak to defend it.
Russia's depleted from Ukraine.
He has a big voice, but it's a demonic spirit speaking through Putin.
It's demonic.
And that's why they say, 'Should you do that?
' No, it's a liberation.
But when I see it in the vision and I see it, Putin is stretched thin.
It's about the BRICS backing their agenda, Xi and Kim and them all, but they'll take Ukraine like, 'Okay, fine.
We'll gobble this up.
We'll take ours.
' It's about Greenland.
That's why I just have such a caution.
We just pray for the Valley of Decision for President Trump.
That's just me; what I feel when I weigh it out in my spirit.
It's what I'm praying over.
So, you all pray with me.
You say, 'Well, Bren, you're wrong.
' Hey, it's just what I feel.
I feel that peace; I go with that peace.
It's not saying that you can just be a bully and go over these places.
It's freeing things up.
I see new leaders rise up in Mexico, Cuba, Venezuela.
God wants to bring liberation and revival to these areas because there's great corruption with cartel and sex trafficking that you don't know about.
It's very deep, the level of evil in these areas.
Well, is the United States all good?
No.
I just told you we had corruption on both sides.
But God will use who he wants to use.
If I can use him right now, it's a lot better than Kamala.
What's her name?
Kamala.
She's always laughing.
We want revival in Europe and South Korea.
This is why I'm telling you, Xi is trying to bring a cord into South Korea to lure them in and to trap them.
It's the spirit behind him; it's communism.
That's why the Lord was so disgusted with the guy in New York.
When he got in there, they opened a massive door, and there's a shaking coming to New York.
I saw people fleeing like rats on a ship.
He's corrupt.
He's a very evil man.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that the Supreme Court judges will rule in our favor to keep America strong.
It may not be what we really want, but Father, whatever it takes to keep our economy strong, our nation strong, over this next two weeks, going into the 26th of this month, going into February 3rd.
Thank you, Father.
You protect our nation in Jesus' name.
I pray that I bless you all tonight.
I know it was kind of different.
I couldn't say certain things, and I hope you understand.
But I'm very thankful for every one of you that came tonight and prayed for our country, for Iran, and the valley of decision, the urgency of the hour.
I pray for every one of you.
We thank you for all 11,000 of you that came out and prayed with us.
I felt a lot of push.
Did you?
It felt like we were pushing hard.
The Lord said we could do it, and I felt like we did a lot.
Did you feel like we pushed a lot?
You feel release.
When you have this many, I don't want to let you go.
Keep praying.
Let's take these truths and push them over here.
Let's call the dinar currency to get done.
We got a lot of mouths in here.
Let's go.
We'll chop that devil all up with this many people.
Let's go get him.
We're like the Band of Brothers.
Let's go.
Why have I got this many with me?
Is there anything else?
Father, I call the revivals.
Let's pray for revival.
Let's pray for finances.
We call in the finances in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, the west.
Satan, let go of our money.
We call in the finances to get the job done in the name of Jesus to support the gospel throughout the whole world.
We call forth the dinar to reinstate.
We call it done now in Jesus' name.
We call the prince of Persia to let it go.
We call forth Babylon to rise up, and we call forth the blessing on Iraq in the name of Jesus to come forth for the people uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We call certain cryptocurrencies to flourish in Jesus' name.
Go to $5 now in Jesus' name.
We call it in.
We call it blessed.
The bank things will be signed and deals will be made unhindered and uninterrupted by any satanic or demonic force.
We call forth the finances for the kingdom of God in Jesus' name, and we thank you Lord that it happens now.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
We call it done now and we're not hindered anymore.
There's a great thing in store and the blessing of the Lord will flow.
The flowing of the blessing like a river of living water flows in the name of Jesus.
We call marriages restored.
We call single people to find somebody they love.
The perfect God-chosen mate.
Don't marry your Ishmael, marry your Isaac.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll find a godly spouse in 2026.
The singles will find somebody to be with, that they'll not be alone anymore.
They'll find a God-fearing spouse.
Women find a good man and the men find a good woman.
Good godly spouses.
You've done a lot of pushing.
All day long it's been that way.
If you could see my spirit man, I look like Arnold Schwarzenegger in the spirit.
Don't let this flesh fool you.
I'm ripped in the spirit.
He will look at it and say, Let the spirit look like the flesh.
But the flesh will pick the spirit.
Not backwards again.
I think you look good.
Thanks, baby.
I need to get healthier.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand on our homes.
Thank you, Lord, for the blessing on these households.
Thank you, Lord, that we finish our day.
Those that are starting their day right now, bless them, Father, in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
And those that are getting ready to go to sleep, Father, bless them too.
I thank you, Lord, that this is a great night ahead and a great day ahead.
And that, Father, we'll come back strong and praying and we'll see results in what we prayed tonight.
We'll see results in their day.
Great change is coming in Jesus' name.
And everybody say amen and amen.
Thank you for joining us tonight, wherever you are.
We appreciate every single one of you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do everything you can with the algorithm.
We appreciate every single one of you coming out and doing this and helping us.
Comment something nice down below, and we will see you again.
We'll pray together and we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.